tiflash: support session and global variable for FastScan instead of ddl (#10350)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- This variable is used to set the concurrency degree of the window operator.
- A value of `-1` means that the value of `tidb_executor_concurrency` will be used instead.

### `tiflash_fastscan` <span class="version-mark">New in v6.3.0</span>

> - Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
> - Default value: `false`
> - Range: `true | false`
> - If FastScan is enabled (set to `true`), TiFlash provides more efficient query performance, but does not guarantee the accuracy of the query results or data consistency.

Author: ```suggestion
- Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
- Default value: `OFF`
- Range: `ON | OFF`
- If [FastScan](/develop/dev-guide-use-fastscan.md) is enabled (set to `ON`), TiFlash provides more efficient query performance, but does not guarantee the accuracy of the query results or data consistency.
```

> - If the FastScan feature is enabled (when set to `true`), TiFlash provides more efficient query performance, but does not guarantee the accuracy of the query results or data consistency.

Author: ```suggestion
- If FastScan is enabled (set to `true`), TiFlash provides more efficient query performance, but does not guarantee the accuracy of the query results or data consistency.
```
